♪ [Intro Instrumentals]
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[Beep]
♪ [Intro Instrumentals]
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
♪ [Intro Instrumentals]
♪ [Suspense Music Instrumentals]
♪
[Sound of door opening]
[Intriguing Music Instrumentals]
[ Female whining]
Ooh... Shit!!
[Female whining]
Ooh! Ugh!!
Ooh... No! No!
No! No!! No!!!
Noo!!!
Gary!!!
Gary run!!!
Please!! Gary run!!!
Gary!?!?
♪ [Intense Opera Instrumentals]
♪
♪ [Intense Opera Music]
[Spotted owl
making sounds]
Aah!!
[Other animals making
sounds in the background]
♪ [Intense Opera Instrumentals]
♪
- Ugh!!...
Ugh!!!
[She heavily breaths]
♪ [Suspense music]
Oh! Ugh!!...
Oooh!! Ooooh!!!
[She's crying]
♪ [Intense Opera Instrumentals]
♪
Aaaahhhh!! Huhh!!
Huhh!! Huh!!!
You shouldn't
have rung the bell.
[Gary is heavily breathing]
- Aaah!!!
- Ah!!
[Sounds of body being
taken apart from the head]
♪ [Sounds of suspense]
Oh. ooh...
No!! No! No!
[She's crying]
Ooh... No!
Ah. ha.
ha... Aah!!
[She heavily breaths]
Please!!... Gary?
What did you
do with Gary!?
YOU RANG
THE BELL!!!
No! No. please!!
Please!
Aaahhh!!!!
[Sound of blood and
flesh splashed on window]
[Sounds of spooky
voice and instrumentals]
♪ [Opera Instrumentals]
♪ [Intense Opera with vocals]
[ Knocks with fist on door]
Coming!!
Coming.
Ooh...
Ahh. well...
Ahh...
Aah...
[Door squeaks]
Did we awake you?
Aah...
Mmm. no. Aah...
It's. um...
Noon.
Holly. you remember
my brother Liam.
We really appreciate you
lending us your wheels.
Well. technically
gramps left it to both of us.
so he really didn't
have a choice.
- Ugh.
- Yeah.
Make yourself
at home.
Dude. you could've
at least cleaned up.
This is clean.
And they actually
play on camera...
It's got
atmosphere.
Hey! I can get
that for you.
- I got it.
She's... Uh...
Really self-sufficient.
I think that's
everything.
How about these!?
These what?
These nuts!!!
Hilarious. Gabriel.
Where's my
leading lady?
You know Megan. always out
taking a selfie somewhere.
No! No way.
Jo. she's right.
This shit ain't
gonna make it to the lake.
It ain't even gonna make it to
the gas station back.
You guys!
Come on... This is going to be
the perfect mobile command
center.
We got...
Plenty of space... We got
outlets to charge our equipment.
I guess we could
set up my editing bay
back here in the
kitchen. Look!
- Let's see.
Okay. well I'm using
hair and makeup.
Do you have
a bathroom?
Oh. yeah! Sure.
Down the hallway
to the right.
Oh my God!
Ugh... Ladies
must love your ride!
Oh. I. I'm
not really...
- Into girls.
What?
Look. I don't
hate what you do.
I am all about
sex positivity.
I did a
girl once.
Oh Bro. I
love this story.
You say that your so open
minded. yet you're obsessed with
pink.
Which we all know
as a social construct.
Newsflash. boys
can dance ballet.
and girls can
play baseball.
Okay. well I'm
allowed to like pink.
Look! look!
I. I like girls.
Okay!?
I'm. I'm just
not... Really...
- Great with them.
- Ooh...
It's okay
little Bro!
I'll teach you
my ways.
I got myself
a keeper.
Blink twice. and she's
forcing you to say this.
Ha! Ha! Ha!
So... Aah...
Matt says you're
making a movie?
A documentary.
I'm directing.
Your brother is
my camera man!
I'm the host.
And I'm
her fluffer.
Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!
Ha!
What's the... Aah...
Documentary about?
Urban legends.
Rumored hauntings
across America.
It's about how sociologically
information contained within
mixed offers insights into
societal fears and anxieties.
You said this was
just like some road trip...
Not some creepy
ass ghost hunt!
Yeah. well.
it's both.
Give me
the keys.
Ah. no.
I'm the only
one who drives.
Wait. aah...
Do you want to
come with us?
Dude. yeah. I mean. I
have lived here.
What about
the dorms?
I dropped out.
Are you
serious Liam?
What the fuck? Do
mom and dad know?
No! Not yet... Mr.
Judgy. I'm still...
Exploring other
career paths. okay?
Well...
Speaking of
paths. it's...
Time we
hit the road.
Yeah. and that.
you're correctly?
Your weird little brother
is coming with us?
Shut up dude.
He's chill.
Hey! Where can I
plug-in my ring light?
What's that smell?
[Sound of black light charger
buzzing]
Oh my God! Aahhh!!
Maybe your brother
is not so bad after all.
[Sound of engine running]
♪ [Instrumental suspense music]
♪
♪ [Instrumental piano music]
Hey mom!
I stopped at Gary's
apartment earlier...
Maybe I'm overreacting...
I know he's taken
off like this before. but
now there are some
without checking-in...
And I just thought... Maybe
I'd find some answers there!
So. I checked his
computer history...
And I found results about
this place called Bell Lake.
Anyway. Ooh. I'm
heading there. so... Ooh...
I'll be in touch.
Love you.
Miss you.
[Sounds of birds singing]
[Someone in a vehicle
abruptly honks the horn]
[Sound of the motor vehicle
running]
♪ [Suspense music playing]
[Megan chuckles]
That is...
Good shit.
- Yeah?
I've been... Ugh...
Experimenting with different
strains. when... Ugh...
Our granddad... He
had cancer. and I.
you know... Toyed
around a little bit to see if
I could help
ease the symptoms.
I mean. even the right
pot helped manage anxiety.
I don't know. maybe one day I'll
open a dispensary. or something.
Ooh... WOW!!!
You grow good weed.
and have a good heart!?
Mmm!
You want to become
my favorite brother Liam?
Sorry Dog.
Attention!!!
Okay...
First stop...
Bell Lake.
Where it's said in the
1800's... 3 virgins were
sacrificed under a full
moon by a satanic cult?...
And now their evil
spirits haunt the lake.
[Megan clears-out her throat]
People go missing all the
time around these parks.
Recently. a family of 5 was
seen entering into the park...
But they never
came out.
Yeah. there's
something like...
200 reported missing persons.
in- and -around Bell Lake.
I can't wait to visit
the Insane Asylum.
75 patients were killed
over the period of 5 years.
Oh well. the asylum
is 5th on the list.
We still have to go
to the UFO crash site.
and the Haunted
Mine Shaft.
- My shaft is haunted!
- Ha! Ha! Ha!
Your ass shaft...
- [Everyone chuckles]
Yeah.
You guys
are nuts.
Why are you so
spooked by this?
He's spooked
by everything.
Look...
Exhibit A]...
I am the stoner.
I mean...
I guess we're
all stoners. but...
My point is...
I am the one supplying
the mobile pot laboratory.
And I think that
qualifies me...
To be the principal
stoner of the cast.
And we all know how well that
character
type fairs in these stories.
Well. I for one
love horror.
I'm a sucker for a
strong female lead.
I'd totally be
a final girl.
[Gabriel and Megan chuckle]
- Oh my God!
- Okay Holly!
[Gabriel and Megan chuckle]
♪ [Suspense music playing]
Uffff!... Yo!
Dude! Get that out of
my face... I'm driving!
I am so wrecked!
Ooh. thank you!
Yo. you guys...
Am I just really high?
Or is that car like...
Really small?
- Oh my God!
It's tiny!
- Yo Liam!
Race this dude!
Hey! I hope this
thing is built for racing.
- It'd be so cool.
- I know.
Yeah. this thing. it
tops out like 20.
- That's a terrible idea.
- Come on!
You said you
dropped out.
so you're not
completely lame. right?
- Do it!
- No.
Either you race
him. or I will.
- Do it!!!
- Come on Liam. do it!!!
[Sound of motor accelerating]
[Everyone screams]
- What?...
- An A for efforts.
- Yeah.
Great. now we need to
get gas. or something.
I don't have
any signal.
I do...
I mean I have a signal
booster in the back somewhere.
You need
to find it.
Yeah I just
signed on.
See?
I told you...
It was a
tiny car.
And it kicked
your ass.
Okay! Password?
Show the word!
No! No! No!
This is the film
Gods intervening.
I need everybody
to focus.
Let's just get this
first day in the can.
and then we can lose
ourselves to social media.
Google the
closest gas station.
Here.
Nothing.
There's a town like
8 miles from here. but
Bell Lakeis away
only couple of miles.
Well this works.
Hell no!
[Intriguing sounds]
What in the Hillbilly
hideout is this!?
Dude. we have
to go inside.
Well. I got
you Boo.
I need
some Fritos.
Babe! Be careful with this
Lipault! It's from Paris.
What!?
- Lipault.
Ooh!!
Don't forget
my bathing suits.
Alright. I got you.
I'm gonna grab some
B roll... ambiance.
Um. Liam? You
want to pump some gas?
and ladies you can
stay in the vehicle.
You already know
by saying that.
you're basically asking me
to pump the gas myself?
Good point.
Eeh. Eeh...
- Got it Holly. grab it.
- Seriously?
- Okay. grab it.
- Ew!
Oh Gosh!
You're suffering.
It's funny!!
Ah. ha. ha...
- Hey!
- Hello!
Stupid kids.
♪ [Intriguing sounds]
At least the
locals are friendly.
- Dude. they can trap me.
- I know. right?
[Both chuckle]
Good luck... There's no
one behind the counter.
Ooh. you. you're
going hiking? Or...
Oh. no... My brother actually
went missing around here.
sometime in
last two weeks?
Sorry. we
haven't seen him.
She's going to
the same lake.
Alright. keep
an eye out...
My number is at the
bottom of the flyer.
- Her number
is on the flyer!
- Her number is
on the flyer! Okay!
- Ha. ha.
- Yeah.
Give you her number.
See that?
[Both chuckle]
- Ew.
♪ [Country music playing in the
background] ♪
What are
you doing?
Trying to figure this
ancient thing out!
Aah...
Can't make
it work?
No.
Let me see.
Huh.
I'll do it myself.
Oh! Oh!!
Sorry!
Sorry. hi.
Hi.
- Hi
- Hi.
What's up?
Are. are you... Um.
going to Bell Laketoo?
Apparently... That's
the place to be.
It's my brother. Do you
think you've maybe seen him?
No.
No. I. I
haven't... Sorry.
Um...
Do you need a ride? Or
like any help? Or anything?
No. no. no.
I'm good.
Have a few stops. on the way
to these locals to mingle
with...
- Bars to hang. plus
your friends are superb.
- They are not
my friends.
They are
brother's friends.
The only reason they brought
me along was cause I...
Got this
bad boy.
Mmm...
I'm Brittany.
Sure are.
Hhm... I'm Liam.
Nice to meet
you Liam.
Man. sometimes...
I swear Megan is a
vegan. just to be difficult.
That. I guess. it helps to
appeal
to hold niche of extra
followers.
What I'm hearing
from you...
Is your girl doesn't
like to eat meat.
Boy! If that
was a case...
I would no longer be
a pescatarian man!
[Both chuckle]
- Ooh.
- Ew.
Hello?
♪ [Intriguing sounds]
♪ [Bell rings]
♪ [Intriguing instrumental
sounds] ♪
Ooh. shit!
Oooh!
Oh. officer... Have you
seen my brother?
I saw the
flyers... Sorry.
I haven't
seen him.
I'm sure
he'll turn up.
Do you want
to take one?
Yeah. sometimes I wish
my brother would go missing.
Ha! Ha!
Oh my God!
I'm so sorry.
I should not
had said that.
Yeah. Well. um...
Maybe I'll see you
around the lake Liam.
Okay. not if I
see you first!
[Liam mumbles:] Oh
my God! I'm so dumb.
- What the fuck was that?
- It was nothing. let me do
this.
Oh my God!
You've been
waiting long?
- No sir.
We called out. but
nobody was there.
Jody!
Where you at?
You've got
customers out here!
Sorry gentlemen! I
was in the latrine.
Just give
me my stuff.
♪ [Intriguing instrumental
sounds] ♪
Eugene!
How's your
day going?
Great!
And yours?
That all depends.
Oh!... Question...
Do you know
how to get to...
Bell Lake
from here?
Is that where
you're headed?
Yes sir.
You know. that old campsite is
closed down for the off season.
Ooh... We're
not going to...
- We have a Winnebago.
- Yeah.
[Both chuckle]
Well. hear the
warnings kids...
Don't do
anything stupid.
You could
end up in jail...
Or worse.
What kind
of... Warnings?
Like... Don't feed
the alligators?
[Both chuckle]
Just don't
go there.
Find somewhere
else. Okay?
They're not gonna
listen to you Eugene.
They never do.
Why can't
we go there?
You don't want
to find out.
Yeah we do... That's
why we're going.
Everyone...
Who comes
out this way...
Only comes out
to ring... The bell.
♪ [Intriguing instrumental
sounds] ♪
What bell?
[Eugene chuckles]
Look on
your faces!
You look
scared shitless.
[Eugene chuckles]
Kids ring the bell... Don't ring
the bell. Nobody'll ever know.
[Gabriel and Matthew chuckle]
IT'S NOT A GOD
DAMN JOKE!!!
- Okay.
- Thanks.
- Sorry. excuse me.
Um...
How much?
Do you want some
gas with your snacks?
Gas snacks.
[Gabriel and Matthew chuckle]
Disgusting.
Oh... Yes.
please on the gas.
[Sounds of handling the money]
[Sounds of grabbing the snacks]
Oh!!!
Ha! Ha! Yeah!!
You win.
♪ [Music in the background] ♪
On the
house ranger.
You kids have
a nice day.
Jody...
I'll see you
tomorrow.
He's real! You
know Eugene?
Too many people go
missing for you not to notice.
Jody...
Come on!
Is he...
Is he real?
Other than a hundred
year old rumor...
All that training...
And this. my life...
Chasing off stupid kids
from shitty campsites...
What kind of
legacy is that?
Um... Yeah! Veggies...
[Suspense sound]
Ain't no joke!!
Hank is ruthless.
He will kill you.
People go missing from
here all the time boy!!!
Why can't they
just arrest him?
You can't arrest
a ghost kid.
He's the unseen.
The giant
of a man...
Gnarly teeth...
Bloodshot eyes...
He was a
satanic priest...
That sacrificed
virgins to the devil.
He eats souls...
AND SHITS BLOOD!!!!
Okay...
- Thank you...
- Thank you.
Yo! Yo! Yo!
Did she say
he shits blood?
That sounds painful.
He needs to get that
checked by a Dr.
It's 'cause Hank
is so pissed off!!
- Yeah!!
[Both chuckle]
Holy shit! That
was creepy!!
Okay! I thought for sure you
guys
were getting murdered in there.
What did the
cops say?
Apparently there's
a ghost man...
- Who shits blood...
- And sacrifices virgins.
See?
- Yeah
- They know something's up.
No! Ooh...
It's just a gimmick.
It's just like in
New Mexico.
People say there's
a UFO crash site...
And the town backs
it up for tourism.
- Yeah.
The thousands of people who
flock
out to the middle of the woods
to
visit the burn
virgins of Bell Lake.
That's the title
of my new book!
"“ The Burn Virgins
of Bell Lake"”.
It'll be a
coming-of-age story.
A companion
novel tear film.
With a bell civilizing a
young woman's vagina?...
And all the men
stick to find it.
- Ew!
- That's so good!!
Okay!!!
We're getting the
hell out of here.
Okay! Buzz Kill.
- Okay Liam.
- Bell Lake!!
To Bell Lake!!!
- Woo!!! To Bell Lake!!
[Sound of motor running]
♪ [Intriguing instrumental
sounds] ♪
[Sound of motor running]
[Sounds of birds singing in the
background]
♪ [Intriguing instrumental
sounds] ♪
[Sound of motor running]
♪ [Intriguing instrumental
sounds] ♪
♪ [Birds singing in the
background] ♪
♪ [Intriguing instrumental
sounds] ♪
We're here!!!
Matthew!
Camera!
Got it.
Ooh!!
Liam. come on!!
Here.
- Don't bust my laptop!
- Sorry.
Okay...
I'm going
to get high.
Wow!
You're hosting a documentary.
not filming a TikTok.
Oh My God! Do you
want me to change?
It's fine!
Okay!
I want genuine first
reactions. let's go!
According to my
research. there's a bell here
which is where the
lake gets its name.
Some blogs.
they write too
that the bell is cursed along
with all of those that ring it.
- It should be
somewhere...
- This way!
[Sounds of firm steps]
In 1876. a farmhand
named Hank...
Sacrificed 3
female virgins.
by burning them alive.
on a wooden pyre.
He did so in
the hopes...
Of opening a
door to hell.
Damn!!! That's crazy!!
Wait a second...
How did you know that
all the girls were virgins?
Dude! It's 1876.
Ha! Everyone
was a virgin.
- Yeah.
- Cut!!
Guys!
You're ruining
the take!
Sorry.
And for the record. it's
terrible
that women were forced to
suppress their
sexuality back then.
Okay. maybe I didn't read far
enough into the script. but...
What happened after
he killed the virgins?
They don't know.
Hank simply
disappeared.
The townspeople found the little
girls wrapped in white sheets.
and placed in
shallow graves.
They deem this place an unholy
site. never to remove the
bell...
That Hank
rang at midnight.
Ha! Okay!
So... Ring the bell at midnight.
and then what happens?
He clearly didn't
open a gate to hell.
That shit doesn't
just happen.
Right?
Ooh. okay...
So. so they built an
entire campground...
On an ancient
satanic sacrificial site...
Apparently. yeah.
Fuckin' white
people! Bro!
- Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!
- Seriously.
- Aah... Ugh!!
Hey mom!
I made it.
I asked around town.
and so far. no one's
seen Gary yet...
So for all I know he just
went camping with Nadine.
Ooh... There
are people here.
so there's nothing
to worry about.
I am safe.
[Abrupt sound]
- Oh! Oh shit!
- Sorry!
Oh. what are you
doing? Why aren't you...
Why aren't you
with your friends?
Or. I mean. your
brother's friends?
Ah. ha!
Um...
Maybe I'm
just like really...
High. or
something.
But. ah...
I got a really bad
feeling about this place.
I don't want
to be here.
Also. I'm so sorry!! Did I
interrupt your phone call?
I...
Oh. no... I was just leaving
my mom a voice mail.
Oh. okay.
Was it... Was it
about your brother?
Did... Did
you find him?
Okay.
Are... Are you
guys close?
Umm... Not
particularly.
Kind of started acting
out over on my...
I mean he just... Kind
of started dating this girl.
She's a bit
of a wildcard.
They're doing... Dare
devil shit together. road trips.
This is...
Right up
their alley.
Anyway...
Aah...
I'm gonna get going.
before it gets dark...
- But. ahh... I'm sure I'll
see you in the woods!!
- Oh!!!
Where are you...
Aah... Staying?
Or used to stand somewhere
safer? Or are you...
- Or are you...?
- Tent.
- Tent!
Got it.
Umm...
You know... If
you need anything.
I mean. like a
place to stay... Or
I'm gonna stop
you right there.
You're really
sweet. but I'm just...
- I'm not really...
Into... Aah...
- Stoners.
- Dick.
- Got it.
Thanks though.
super flattered.
- Yeah.
Yeah. if you...
But. but the offer
still stands. if you...
need anything. or
you want to come...
Hang out! I
don't know.
Um. the last Winnebago
on the left. if you need...
- Anything.
Aah. ha. ha...
Okay. sounds good.
See you around Liam!
Okay. bye.
Pffff....
♪ [Intriguing instrumental
sounds] ♪
- Uh
Alright... What
do you think?
- I love it.
[Megan chuckles]
- Oooh. sexy!
Fuck me.
Mmm...
Mmmm... Ahh.
[Sounds of a bug moving]
- Oh my God!!!
- Aah shit!!!
[Gabriel and Megan screaming out
loud]
No! No! No!
Ohhh!!!
Ughh!!!
- Wait! Where
are you going?
- Wiggle walk!
- Oh my God!
It's over here!
Yeh! Yeh... Eh!
Take it off!
What's next.
keep going!
[Camera Low Battery Beep sounds]
Ooh. shit! I think...
I think my
battery just died.
Does anywhere in this
camp have electricity?
Oh... I don't even know if
it's operational anymore.
- But it could be!
Hey! Did you see Liam's
face when we got here?
Yeah?
You should probably
go talk to him.
- I have talked to him.
- No. you've
bullied him.
I do not
bully him!
Okay.
You've teased him...
Excessively then?
Come on...
You don't want him to feel
like you're using him.
You're right.
Aah...
Your stomach
still hurting you?
Maybe.
I told you not to eat
the gas station Sushi.
I know you did.
Is there a. ahh...
Bathroom nearby?
Yeah. I saw one
across the campsite...
You big baby.
- Oooh!!!
- Aah!!!
[Holly chuckles]
♪ [Intriguing instrumental
sounds] ♪
[Spooky voice slowly expresses:]
Don't ring the bell.
♪ [Intriguing instrumental
sounds] ♪
Aaah.
[Sound of crickets]
[Sound of footsteps approaching]
What's the
matter little bro?
You... Uh...
Still scared
of the dark?
♪ [Music playing in the
background] ♪
I know this
isn't your thing.
You...
Probably think this
whole ghost haunt is...
"“Childish"”.
But...
Maybe try to
think of it. is a...
Bonding experience.
Bonding experience?
- Yeah.
Like when you
hid under my bed
until the covers went off
me bonding experience?
Ha! Ha! We were kids!
I was just trying
to have fun! I was...
Trying to get a
rise out of you.
Ah... You have always
been a scaredy cat.
- Look...
I know that we haven't
been particularly close.
Especially recently.
And...
Maybe I rag on
you too much.
I'm sorry.
But we have this
Winnebago to co-parent. so...
We should probably
find a way to get along.
A must...
For the baby.
- For the baby!
[Liam laughs]
- Alright let's
get out of here.
Gabe's firing up the grill.
and I got the munchies.
- Oh shit.
[They both chuckle]
Dick!!!
- Ha! Ha!
[Sounds of crickets]
[Sounds of tearing a bag of
snacks can be heard]
[Sounds of people having fun
somewhere can be heard]
- Yeah!
- No. no. no. no!
We only have like 10 minutes
until the bell... You can't
leave.
- Okay. it'll take like...
- No! I know you guys!
- All I need is
the same hat...
- Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!
- Oh my God!
- A 1 to 10.
- All we need
is 10 minutes.
- All I need is. all I need is
more...
- We do need 10 minutes!
- Ha! Ha!
- Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!
[Sound of closing the tent can
be heard]
♪ [Hard Rock music can be heard]
♪
- Ummm... Look. it
smells amazing Gabe!
- Oh! Remember.
no butter on mine.
- I know...
- I gotcha.
- You guys...
There was a T-Rex size
roach in our tent earlier...
In our tent!
And Gabriel...
- Wouldn't do
anything about it.
Oh... Don't
shame me like that!
Shut up!
Why don't you
just kill it yourself?
You need a man to
do everything for you?
- Holly...
I'm a vegan.
Okay? I would never
harm a living thing.
5 minutes to midnight.
Who's ringing the bell?
- Yeah!
- I'll watch!
- I don't want some satanic
priest rolling up on me.
You know. it
could be 7 virgins.
You know Gabe? It
could be 7 satanic priests.
- Why!?
- Ha! Ha! Ha!
- I don't know.
- Why!?
- Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!
- Ah. ha! Ha! Ha.
Hey! I actually
think I'm going to...
Ahh... Call it a night.
Why? You
will miss it.
- Yeah! No! I
just. umm...
Yeah! - It's. it's
just a bell.
I. um... Appreciate it.
I'll see you
guys after.
- What...?
Prank...?
- It's okay!!
Have fun!!
Seriously!!
Let's go.
Matthew!
Get to work.
Whatever you say.
- Come on!
- Okay!! Okay!!...
Can we only eat first?
- That's a NO.
- Okay! Okay! Ooh... Alright!
- Let's go!
- Yeah.
- Let's not miss it!!
- It sucks!
- Okay! Okay! We
don't have to run guys!!
[Sound of crickets can be heard]
Ugh...
[Brittany sniffs]
Mmm... Ooh.
♪ [Music plays while Brittany
wears her earphones] ♪
Ooh.
[Intriguing sounds]
Okay guys...
In like 30 seconds.
- Eeh!!!
- Uufff!!!
And!... Here we are. just
before midnight. at Bell Lake.
Our brave director is going to
do
the honors. and we're just
dying...
To see what happens!?
I'm so scared!
Oooh! Don't hang on me!
I'm gonna run as fast as
I can if a ghost shows up!
- Babe.
- You kidding!?
- Let's go!!!!
- Woooo!!!!
- Here we go!!!...
- Wooo!!!!
- Don't run!...
- Come on!!!!
- Woo!!!! Wooo!!!!
- Wooo!!!!
♪ [Music plays while Liam wears
his earphones] ♪
[Intriguing sounds]
Here we go!...
Come on!
Let's do it!
- Woo!!!! Wooo!!!!
- Wooo!!!!
- Let's go!!!!
[The bell rings].
- Aah!... Aah.
Oookay?
Hmm.
Shouldn't something
be happening?
♪ [Intense Opera Instrumentals]
♪
♪ [Music can be heard while
Brittany listens to it] ♪
I'm going to
do it again!
- Yeah! Yeah!
- Yeah! One more.
- Come on! Come
on!! Come on!!!
[The bell rings for the 2nd
time].
♪ [Intense Opera Instrumentals]
♪
♪ [Soft piano keys sound while
intriguing instrumentals play] ♪
Oh my God! I can't
take it. One more time!
- One more time!
- Make it big Holly! Come on!!!
Okay!
- All the muscles.
- Are you guys ready?
- Yep!
- I was born ready.
[Matthew laughs]
We're ready for you Hank.
♪ [Intense Opera Instrumentals]
♪
[The bell rings for the 3rd
time].
[Intriguing sounds]
[Sound of opening a door]
[A cricket can be heard in the
background]
- Ooohhh...
- What was that?
Oookay...
- Okay.
- Okay well.
She's lame.
- Sooo...
- Babe! Come
on... Let's go eat.
- Maybe it just
takes a second.
- No. Come on...
- Holly!
Babe! Come on...
Nothing's happening.
[Matthew laughs]
- Matthew! Wait!!
- Oh! Yeah! Sorry.
Here...
Okay.
[Intriguing Music Instrumentals]
[Intriguing sounds]
[Footsteps can be heard nearby
Brittany's tent]
[Intriguing Music Instrumentals]
And I don't even think
Hank is real. honestly.
I don't know...
It's kinda cool.
See. maybe you could
fix that in the posts.
[Intriguing Music Instrumentals]
♪ [Intense Opera Instrumentals]
♪
Nighty-night!!
So don't let the
bedbugs bite.
- Or the roaches.
- Hey!!! Come on!!!
Matthew!
What's with you!?
Nothing is
gonna happen.
I'm fine.
I just... Mhhh...
I kinda feel weird.
I think it's the
Sushi again.
It's not
the Sushi.
Admit it...
- You're scared.
- I'm not scared.
[Intense shocking sound]
What was that?
Maybe it's
Hank... Ha! Ha!
I HOPE IT IS HANK!!!
I have to get creative. so this
footage doesn't feel so
anticlimactic.
Mmmm!!
♪ [Intriguing instrumental
sounds] ♪
Are you okay?
[Holly sniffs]
Yeah.
Yeah. I just...
I actually feel a
little weird... Too.
But...
You didn't have
any Sushi.
I'll meet you
back in the tent.
♪ [Intense Opera with vocals]
Mmmm...
Oohhh!
Aaaah... Pffff.
Aaahhh.
Mmmm.
Aaahhh... Ffffff.
Pfffff... Aahhh.
Mmmm.
[Sound of water running down
from the faucet]
♪ [Intense Opera music playing]
♪
[Fist knocking on a door]
♪ [Suspense Music Instrumentals]
♪
Is everything okay?
[Matthew knocking on door]
Babe!?
Let me in.
What's going on?
Holly locked herself in the
bathroom.
and she won't open the door.
- Here.
- Holly!?
Babe! I'm coming in.
Okay!?
Uffff...
Ah!
Aahh!!
[Sound of breaking the lock can
be heard]
♪ [Suspense Music Instrumentals]
♪
Holly!?
♪ [Suspense Music Instrumentals]
♪
♪ [Intense Opera Instrumentals]
[Door squeaks]
I feel funny.
I really need to get
her to a hospital.
Yeah... And how do you
expect us to do that?
Just leave Megan
and Gabriel behind?
Okay. hold on.
Give me the keys.
- What!? Why!?!?
- Because. I'm
going to take her in...
And then you go to the
others what happened.
That's a terribleidea!!!
We should stick together!!
[Sounds like in Holly's head
there is
a mix of Matthew's and Liam's
voices]
Oooh!!!
You shouldn't
had rang the bell.
What the hell!?
Ooh!!!
- GET OFF HER!!!
- Stop!!!
You should'd eaten
the warnings girl.
Ahh!!!
[A cracking sound takes place]
[Suspense instrumentals playing]
♪ [Intense Opera Instrumentals]
♪
We gotta go...
Come on!!!
Oooh!!
♪ [Intense Opera Instrumentals]
♪
[Sounds of door slamming]
- Barricade the door
with something!!!
Dude... did you
see her eyes?
I know you're really worried
about Holly right now!?...
But I really need
you to focus!!!
Can you do
that!? Can you!?
Yeah... Yeah. I think.
Well then help me. because
I can't hold this on my own.
[Sound of a beep as if Matthew
was hearing it]
[Sounds of door slamming]
- Matt!!! Oooh...
- Liam... I... I think
you should go.
What are you...!?
Aah!! Eeh!!!... LEAVE
US ALONE!!! STOP!!!
♪ [Suspense instrumentals
slowing the pace] ♪
I think he left.
♪ [Sounds of suspense increasing
the pace] ♪
Matt?
Matt!!
Wait... Are you okay?
♪ [Sounds of suspense increasing
the pace] ♪
[A cracking sound takes place]
[Matt continously grunts like a
beast]
Ring the bell!
♪ [Intense Opera Instrumentals]
♪
Aaah!
Mmm! Mmm!
♪ [Intense Opera Instrumentals]
♪
Aaah!!!
♪ [Intense Opera Instrumentals]
♪
[Sounds like the toilet piece
breaks]
[Matthew continously grunts with
a demon tone]
♪ [Intense Opera Instrumentals]
♪
[Matthew continously grunts with
a demon tone]
- Aaaaaahhh!!!
[Matthew sporadically grunts
with a demon tone]
♪ [Sounds of suspense gradually
increasing] ♪
[Sound of blood running due to
the ax in Matt's head]
[Sound of splashing flesh after
the ax has been taken away]
[Sound of body when it falls]
♪ [Sounds of suspense going on]
♪
- Mmmm...
What's going on?
Hmmm.
Hmm.
Do you hear
something?
Oooh...
Ufff...
Aaah...
[Sound of a bip as if Gabriel
was hearing it]
What the fuck!?
♪ [Sounds of suspense going on]
♪
♪ [Intense Opera with vocals]
♪ [Sounds of suspense going on]
♪
♪ [Intense sounds of suspense]
Hey!!!
Hey!
Liam!!
Shut the
fuck up!!!
- Liam...
- Shhh!!
- Liam? Liam!?
- What are you running from?
- Aahh!
Shhh!!!
[Liam sounds suffocated]
Wait. what
is going on!?
Shit! We have to go right
now! Do you understand?
Wait. wait. why?
What just happened?
It's. it's. it's
fucking... Demons!!!
And my brother
he... Um...
What? What!?
We have to go.
We have to
go right now.
You understand?
We have to go. you
have to trust me!
Just come with me.
Please.
Wait. Liam... Where
are you taking me?
- Just come on!!!
[Both sound suffocated]
Liam. can you please
explain to me in detail...?
What is going on?
What is happening!?!?
[Sound of unzipping the tent]
Hey Matthew!!
Holly?
You guys out here?
[Shocking sound]
Guys?
You rang the bell.
♪ [Intense Opera Instrumentals]
♪
Oooh!!!
♪ [Intense Opera Instrumentals]
♪
[Gabriel sounds like a demon]
Oooh!!! Ha! Ha! Ha!
Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!
Eeh!! Aaaahhh!!!
[A cracking sound takes place]
[Gabriel sounds suffocated]
[Megan continously grunts while
attacking Hank]
- Grrr!!! Grrr!!!
- Aaaaah!!!!
[A solid punch can be heard. and
Megan's neck cracks after]
- Gorrr!!!
Gorrr!!! Goarrr!!!
Hmmm!!! Hmmm!!!
- Grrrr!!! Grrrr!!!
[Sounds of splashing flesh due
to the ax in Megan's head]
♪ [Soft instrumental music
plays] ♪
[Intriguing Music Instrumentals]
Shhhit!!! It's Gabriel.
[Knocks with fist on door]
Shhhhhhit!
Oh come on!!
What are they
gonna do Liam?
♪ [Intense Opera Instrumentals]
♪
- Liam?
- Window!
- Go to the
window! Go!!!
- Go! Hurry! Go! Go!
- I'm going!!! I'm going!!!
Go!!!
Oooh!!
Come on Liam!
[Brittany sounds suffocated]
Let's go!!!
♪ [Sounds of suspense]
[Phone screen cracking]
♪ [Macabre music playing]
[Brittany and Liam sound
suffocated]
Okay. say it's really
wrong. okay? I don't know...
But. but Gabe was
fine... Now. he's not...
And. and I saw
Matthew literally transform...
I don't know what
the fuck is going on!!
And. and Megan is sure as hell
not acting like a vegan!!!
Wait. wait. wait! Let's hide
inside. Let's hide inside.
Aahh... They rang the
bell... And then they changed.
Into what?
I don't know. they're here to
see the virgins' sacrifice. or
something...
And then. and then
they became like...
Monsters.
[A door slams]
[Shocking suspense sound]
♪ [Sounds of suspense]
[Holly's neck cracks]
Aaaaaaaaaahhhhh...
[Holly sounds like a male demon]
Aaaaahhhhhh.
[Holly grunts like a demon]
- Oooh!!!
- Aaah!!!
- Ooh!!
Ooh!!
- WOAHHH!!
- Aaah!!!
♪ [Sounds of suspense]
Eeh!!!
You killed my brother!!!
Who are you?
Hank.
- Hank?
Hank!?
As the "“Don't
Ring the Bell 'Hank'"”?
Wow!
Okay?
- You are human.
Huh?
As are you.
NO SHIT! WHAT THE
FUCK WAS THAT!?!?
That was a demon.
Holly is a demon?
No...
Holly died when
the demon took over.
Why is this
happening to us!?
Why did it happen
to them?... And not us?
Did you
hear the bell?
No.
I slept with
headphones on.
I did too.
Mystery solved.
You two lock
yourselves in the freezer...
I'll come back for you
after I've killed them all.
How many am I
looking for again?
Uh. 4.
It's actually 2 now.
Holly. and Gabriel.
Wait! What if they
kill you first?
They won't.
♪ [Sounds of suspense]
Come on. let's go.
Are you cold?
Aahh!! Aahhh!!!...
Aaaahhhh!!!!
I still don't understand
what's happening.
Aahh! Aaahhh!!
Demons.
Yeah! Okay!... Demons.
Or we're supposed to do
is just like sit here and wait.
And when you will get help?
Well Gabriel crushed my phone.
Do. do you have yours?
Oh. yeah! But I haven't
had service since I got here.
Oh...
What about earlier? You left
a voicemail for your mom. right?
No. um...
It's gonna sound weird... I
don't really want to explain it.
Try me.
My brother and I...
Gary. who I'm out here looking
for. was raised by our single
mom.
She was... The best!
♪ [Soft piano keys sound]
Was?
Aaa... Year ago.
She got into an accident...
That's why I don't
drive anymore.
I'm still wary of cars.
Anyway... I. aah...
I call her... Number still to...
Hear her voice on the
voice-sign. to leave her
voice calls.
Um... It makes me feel
connected to her.
I get it.
Earlier I... Didn't get
through...
I just sort of pretended.
I don't know. so I wouldn't feel
so
alone in the... Fffucking
woods!!!
Aaaahhh...
You're not alone anymore.
And I'm really sorry
about your brother.
Me too.
♪ [Soft piano keys sound]
He was really...
Doing an effort... On...
Bringing me on this trip.
Look. he was the...
Perfect child.
My parents. you
know. he had the...
Hair. the face. um...
Grades...
Um... I didn't...
Liam!
You've never
resented him before.
And now I
wish I hadn't.
But that was a
member there anyway.
So...
Ooooh fuck!!
I'm so worried
about Gary!!
And that bell is twice
something of the fucking deal.
He's been acting
since my mom died.
Hey...
I have a signal booster
in the Winnebago.
Hey! And you're just
remembering this now?
I am.
We should go.
Yeah! Let's go.
[Sound of unlocking the freezer]
[Intriguing sounds]
♪ [Intriguing instrumental
sounds] ♪
Okay Liam... Pick up
the pace a little. okay!?
- Come on!!!
- Oooh!!!
♪ [Intriguing instrumental
sounds] ♪
[Spooky sounds]
Daddy. help me.
- Aaahhh!!!
- Aaah!
[Voices of demons can be
listened]
[Hank's breathing increases its
pace]
[Brittany and Liam sound
suffocated]
Okay...
[Spotted owl making sounds]
No sign of Gabriel.
Let's say: "“book it back
to the RV"”. "“call the cops"”.
"“and drive the
fuck outta here"”!!
Wait! Say Hey! These
demons are chasing us
around Bell Lake.
Can you help us out?
[Liam breathes heavily]
Good point.
Come on.
let's go.
♪ [Intriguing sounds] ♪
[Door squeaks]
Shh! Shh! Shh!
Wow! He really
tore this place apart.
It's kinda always
been like that.
Hmm!!! The. umm...
Booster is in the back. and the
sign and details are on the
side.
- Okay. got it.
Okay. come on baby.
[Sound of grabbing the vehicle
keys]
Please!!
[Sound of vehicle failing to
start due to low battery]
Seriously?
- Come on!!!
- It's not working?
Why isn't it going!?
[Sound of vehicle failing to
start due to low battery]
[Shocking sound]
♪ [Intense Opera Instrumentals]
♪
Liam?
Liam! Demon!!
Demon!!! WE NEED
TO GO NOW!!!
Yeah! I see it!!!
♪ [Intense Opera Instrumentals]
♪
Shhhhit!!!!
♪ [Intense Opera Instrumentals]
♪
[Sound of vehicle failing to
start due to low battery]
♪ [Intense Opera Instrumentals]
♪
Liam?
Come on man!!
Liam... We need to go now.
I get it! But this thing is
old...It's
never covered this such road
before.
I don't know
what to tell ya.
[Phone Internal Ringing]
Oh my God! Liam. it's going
through.
Liam. it's going. it's going.
[Knocks with fist on door]
Come in.
Emergency call...
Just came in.
No deputy.
It's late. I'm not taking
any prank calls tonight.
- It's one of those.
But if you're bored...
- Aahhh!!... Alright.
Put it through.
One second.
Hmm!!!
[Telephone rings]
Hello?
Hey! Hey! Okay! We're being
chased by demons in Bell
Lake...
You need to come out!
Please we need... Help!!!
Let me guess...
You rang the bell...
And now Hank is
chasing you with an ax.
Yes!!! Yes!!! And
demons!!! We need. we need...
Yeah. I know it sounds
crazy. but it's true!!!
We need. we need
you to come now!!!
If I've heard this once.
I've heard it a 1000 times.
It's always some
dumbass prank.
So my advice... Is to lay off
the
pharmaceuticals and call it a
night.
Oh! And uh. invest
be going. I arrive...
Because I haven't cleaned
out my holding cell... In
months.
Stupid kids.
[RV's door being banged]
He hang up on me.
♪ [Soft instrumental music]
♪ [Intense Opera Instrumentals]
♪
Fuck! Fuck!!!
[No more banging on the door and
vehicle failing to start]
Fuck!!!
Liam...
Ah hh.
Where'd she go?
♪ [Sounds of suspense]
[A demon's voice can be heard]
Where is she?
[Thrilling sounds]
- AAAAHHHH!!!!
- Go!!!
Grrr!!! Grrrr!!!
- Get back. get back!!
- Grrrrrrr!!!
♪ [Intense Opera Instrumentals]
♪
Liam. get back!
[Gabe grunts in the bathroom]
- Get in there!!
- Eeh!!!
- Move! Move!
- Let's move this!
Let's move this!
- Aah!!!
♪ [Intense Opera Instrumentals
with violins] ♪
[Holly's neck cracks out]
Aaahhh!!! Liam...
- Ohh! What!?
- Ooh Liam!!!
Yeah!!!
- AAAHHH!!!
- Grrraaaaa!!
- Holly?
[Holly grunts while on the
floor]
It's me.
Aaaahhhh!!!!
- Grrrrr!!!
- Liam??
Liam?
- Grrrraaa!!
- Liam?
[Holly's neck cracks out]
- Grrrr!!
- Liam...
- Liam. I need
you to wake up Liam.
[Holly's neck cracks out]
- Liam?
Liam. Liam I need
you to get up.
Liam.
Hey!! Hey!!!
Follow me bitch...
Hhhhh
♪ [Intense Opera Instrumentals]
♪
♪ [Opera Instrumentals]
[Sound of forcing the bathroom's
lock]
Grrrrrrraaaah!!!
♪ [Intense Opera Instrumentals]
♪
♪ [Sounds of suspense with a
violin] ♪
[Spotted owl making sounds]
[Someone running can be heard]
♪ [Sounds of suspense]
Oooh!!!
- That you!!!
- Sorry! Sorry!
What the fuck
was that!?
What the fuck!? You
came out of nowhere!!!
No. It's Liam!
Oh my God! I
almost killed you.
Yeah. we probably should have
just never left the freezer.
I know! I know! I've
seen that the whole time.
since these
were chasing me.
Aaahh!!!
Did you leave
the freezer?
- No.
♪ [Suspense Music Instrumentals]
♪
[Footsteps can be heard]
That somehow
feels less safe.
My cabin is
right up here.
[Intriguing sounds]
[Spotted owl making sounds]
Aaah.
What is this? Like your...
Warehouse? Or something?
A few only knew.
[Intriguing sounds]
[Door squeaking]
[Door being closed]
♪ [Intriguing instrumental
sounds] ♪
Okay!
So how do we
defeat these things?
Kill the host body...
You release the demon.
So basically. want to
slaughter all my friends?
They're not your friends.
Remember?
We can stop
them this time.
But stopping this
curse for good...
That's going to
take some... Magic.
Though. elaborate!
The bell came from
a burn down church.
There used to be a
little town right here.
A very long time ago.
♪ [Soft instrumental music
plays] ♪
♪ [Soft enchanting instrumental
music plays] ♪
Bell Lakewas
a fine little town.
back before the church
burned to the ground.
Back before 1876...
Back before the summer...
of Jackson McDowell.
Most everybody thought....
That Jackson
McDowell stole the bell...
To sell it for salvage.
It could never imagine...
A meanor more solace act.
and stealing a church bell.
But what Jackson really
had in mind... Was far worse.
Elsie was a curious girl.
So my wife sewed
bells under her address.
so we'd hear...
Everywhere she went.
And it was the
case with everything.
Elsie was intrigued
by Jackson.
If only had been
paying more attention...
That kind of man who
steal the church bell.
to get up to
any kind of evil.
But I never suspected
what was to happen.
♪ [Instrumental music with a
particular violin] ♪
3 young girls
had gone missing.
My daughter Elsie...
She was the last.
♪ [Instrumental music with a
particular violin] ♪
[Shocking sound while the
literature is dropped to the
ground]
Everyone knew
it was Jackson.
Whatever we
had imagined...
What we found
was worse.
Far worse!
He was sacrificing virgins...
Using their blood
as an offering
to open-up the
portal to hell.
Elsie's blood...
♪ [Instrumental distorted music
plays with a violin] ♪
[Shocking sound]
Hoping to
summon up a power
He'd never have
as a mortal man.
♪ [Instrumental music plays with
a cello] ♪
Someone say that immortality
is a blessing. but for me...
It became my curse.
♪ [Instrumental distorted music
plays with a cello] ♪
Aaaaaaaaaahhhhhh!!!!!!!
♪ [Instrumental distorted music
plays with a cello] ♪
[Ringing of a bell]
Then and there...
I made a bow
to my beloved Elsie.
[Shocking sound]
I swore to kill
every monster...
Until the end of time...
For her.
[Shocking sound]
- I'm so sorry.
That is so sad.
Can you ever leave this place?
No.
Never.
My faith is
bound to the bell.
Which has absorbed...
All the evil there's been
created by Jackson's spell.
The blood...
It opened the portal...
But when I intervened...
I unwittingly acquired
immortality in Jackson's place.
The bell...
He cursed it.
So that those
that rang it...
Would be transformed.
Into his bidding.
Now while Jackson gone.
banished to hell...
The demons...
They're just a side
effect of the curse.
I chose to destroy his demons
before they could hurt those
that
may come to
these grounds.
After a few decades I
got tired of the killing.
I tried to exercise
the demons instead.
I studied Jackson
McDowell's spellbook.
Read my Bible.
But...
I could still
never do it.
There are demons
everywhere. you know?
The entire world
is full of them...
Seeking... The vulnerable...
The gullible...
The afraid.
They must
be destroyed.
For Elsie.
What is all this?
I tried to honor the
person that they were.
No.
What is it?
Oh my God.
Did you kill him?
This one.
Did you kill him!?
DID YOU FUCKING
KILL HIM!?!?
It wasn't
Gary anymore.
Did you?
[Brittany breaks in tears and
helplessly cries]
Aaahh!!!
I'm sorry.
This is hard for me.
Half the time when I kill a man.
they have begun to change
their...
they look like
normal people.
Eehh!!... Aaahhhh!!
And then their
ears start to bleed.
I...
I Have to know...
Why?
Are you a virgin?
Yo!!! What!?!?
Why? Why are
you asking that?
There's power in the
virgins' blood that Jackson
used the curse bell.
I have a theory that we
can use that same power
to break the curse.
Jackson needed 3 virgins.
Maybe 2 will work.
Yeah. so who's
the other one?
Well you're
certainly a virgin.
Certainly dick!!!
- Wait. you're
not a virgin?
- No! I'm not a...
What the...!?
Just because I'm short it
doesn't mean I'm a virgin!!
I feel like I'm getting
ganged up on right now.
What do I look like? I.
I. do I look like one?
'Cause I got a list!!
Not on me but I
can. I. I remember it!
No. don't do that.
Okay. finally Liam...
You don't have to admit it.
I for 1. I'm a virgin.
Okay?
I mean...
At least I've never
been with a man.
Maybe it's a
loophole but.
I'm sure it counts.
It's good enough for me.
Virgin magic.
Is this is why everyone who has
sex in horror movies dies first?
That makes so
much sense!
Hm...
Connecting the pieces.
♪ [Heroic Instrumental Music]
I've been doing this
alone for 100 years.
Because this damn
curse. I can't touch that bell.
We 3 go out there together...
I can fight out these demons.
while you pull
that bell down.
Once it's free...
I can destroy it.
And then end this
curse once and for all.
Are you with me!?
Yeah.
Let's do this...
For my brother.
For your brother.
and your daughter.
Let's do this shit.
♪ [Heroic Instrumental Music]
[Sounds of spooky voices and
instrumentals]
Aaaaaaaahhh!!!!
Graaaarrrrrrrrr!!!!
[Gabriel grunts as a demon]
Go ahead...
Flex all you want demon.
I've been seeing your kind
back to hell for 100 years.
Destroy the bell.
[Gabriel grunts as a demon]
Look!
- Ugh!!!
- Aaah!!!
Shhhit!!!
- Hold on! Hold on!
- Okay.
[Sound of the chainsaw running]
Stay back!!
♪ [Opera Instrumentals]
[Sound of the chainsaw running]
Grab that for
tearing it down.
- Ooohh!!!
- Aaahh!!!
- Aahh!!!
Aaahhh!!! Fffff!!
[Gabriel grunts as a demon]
♪ [Opera Instrumentals]
[Holly grunts as a demon. and
cracks her neck]
[Gabriel grunts as a demon]
♪ [Opera Instrumentals]
[Hank missed it. and the ax
can be heard hitting the fence]
- Aah!! Oooh!!!
Fuck man!!!
- You okay?
Yeah! I'm fine...
Hold it. hold it!
- Aaah! Ughhhh!!!!
Aaaaahhh!!! Oooh!!!
- Come on. come on.
Hold it... You're
bleeding too.
Aaah!!
- Are you okay?
- Yeah. yeah. I'm good. alright?
- Are you sure?
- Not the issue. not the
issue...
Get the chainsaw out.
tear this thing down.
♪ [Powerful Symphony
Instrumentals] ♪
Okay.
Come on motherfucker!!!
[Sound of the chainsaw running]
Don't... Ring... The bell!
- Good point.
- Yeah!
- Hold on to the thingy.
- Okay!
Do not want to
look like Holly.
[Sound of the chainsaw
powerfully running]
[Sound of the bell being
stricken with the chainsaw]
- Aaaaaaaahhhh!!!!
DEMONS!!!
COME GET SOME!!!
- Ughh!!!
Fuck!!
It's all... Fuck it!
Aaaahhh!!!
Don't let the
bell ring. okay?
- Okay. I got it.
- I got it.
HHAAA!!!
Ooh. bad angle.
HHAAA!!
Another bad angle.
Grrrrrr!
Grrrrrrrrrr!
Grra!!!!
- Brittany look!
- Grrrrrrrrrr!
- Hold her off. I got this!
- Go!
- Grrrrrrrrrr!
Aaaaah!!!!
Grrrrrrrrrrey!
♪ [Intense Opera Music]
Aaaahh!!!!
- Eeeeuu! Grrrrrrrrrr!
Grrrrrrraaarrraaa!
- Grrrrrrrrrraaa!
♪ [Intense Opera Music]
- Eeoooohhh!!!!
- Grrrrrrraaarrraaa!
Eaaaahh!!!!
[Sounds of flesh splashing]
[Sounds when Holly's body fall]
[Brittany sounds suffocated]
You okay?
Yeah?
You do this?
Where's the other one?
I thought you killed him.
What do you mean by
"“ where's the other one"”?
I've been looking for him.
- What!?
- Ooh shit.
- Hank.
[Sound of a gunshot]
Shhhit!!! I missed.
♪ [Intense Opera Music]
Ooh!! Nooo!!!
AAAAAAHHH!!!
♪ [Intense Opera Music]
- Ah! Ah! Ahhh!
- Grrrrn!! Grrrn!!!
AAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!!!!
♪ [Intense Opera Music]
- SHOOT HIM!!
SHOOT HIM!!!
SHOOT HIM!!
[Sound of a gunshot]
[Sounds of flesh splashing]
[Sounds when Gabriel's body
fall]
Aaah!!!
Aaah!!! Fuck!!!
You alright?
Yeah!!!
Oooh shit!!!
- I'm little late to the party.
but you want to tell me
what the hell
is going on!?!?
Who are you?
We need to stay focused
to destroy that bell.
Who the hell are
you supposed to be?
Hank.
"“ Don't Ring the Bell 'Hank'"”?
- Uhuh!!
Holy shit!!
It's been you
all these years?
Alright. can
you help us?
He can't touch the bell...
We gotta take this thing down.
Come on.
Ugh!! Ffff... Aah!
Fucking demons man!!
Aah!!
Fuck!!!
Alright...
On 3.
1. 2. 3.
[Brittany. Eugene. and Liam make
noises while tearing the bell
down]
- Oooh!! - Aaah!!
- Oooh!!!
[Behind the bell there's an
explosion along with smoke]
- What just happened?
Shit. it's his blood.
Virgin is.
Wait I'm not a...
[Eugene sighs]
Okay. fine.
The portal is opening again.
What portal!?
♪ [Intense Opera Music] ♪
[A cracking sound can be heard]
♪ [Sounds of the Intense Opera
Music with
demonic voices in the
background] ♪
[ Brittany calls Liam. and it
produces a continous
echo while then[the same the
opposite way]]
- Liam...
- Brittany...
[Bells can be listened while all
these sounds take place]
[Soil cracks and continously
cracking can be heard]
[Bells can be listened while all
these sounds take place]
[Cracking can clearly be heard
now]
[Demonic Opera Music along with
voices of beasts can be heard.
Jackson speaks out with a
demonic voice:]
Hank...
Old friend!
Jackson.
Your daughter says hello.
HA! HA! HA! HA! HA! HA! HA!
AH! HA! HA! HA!!
- AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!
- Eehwwee!!!
[Sound of flesh splashing]
Oooh. ugh!! Ughh!!!
You really think
you gonna stop me?
♪ [Intense Opera Music] ♪
- Aaahhh!!!
- Oooh!!! Aahh!!
Ooohh!!
Hank!!!
Catch!!!
♪ [Intense Opera Music]
- EAAHHH!!!
- OOOOHHHH!!!
- UGH!!!
- Ahhhhh!!!
- AAAAAAAAHHHH!!
- EEEAAAAHHH!!!
- Hmmm!!!
- MMMH!!!
- UGHHHHH!!!
- HHHHM!!!
- OOOOOOOOOHHHHH!!!!!!
- Aaaaahhh!!!!
♪ [Opera Music]
Jackson!!!
where are you!?!?
[Shocking sound]
Elsie?
You can end this!
What about you?
I can't go back.
You can win...
Go!
Fight!!!
I love you.
I love you too.
[A thunder can be heard]
JACKSON!!!
You motherfucker!!!
[Shocking sound]
♪ [Intense Opera Music]
- Ooooh!!!
- AAAAAHHH!!!
DING!!!
[The bell rings while Jackson
hits it with his head]
♪ [Instrumental music with a
particular violin] ♪
[Jackson moans]
[Jackson speaks in an unknown
language]
Nooo!!!
No!!!
I waited a long
long time for this.
AAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!!!!
[Sound of blood and flesh
splashed
while Jackson lays on the
ground]
[While marks disappear from
Hank's
arms. a sound of burning can be
heard]
♪ [Soft instrumental music
plays] ♪
[Brittany sniffs]
[Sound of the shovel while
fixing the grave]
♪ [Soft piano keys sound while
some instrumentals play] ♪
So what now?
I guess this is
goodbye then.
All of you...
You fought and you won.
You achieved the
victory over hell itself.
It's more than anybody on
earth has ever accomplished.
Hold on everyone... Listen.
Last night I saw some things
I never could've imagined.
I mean...
That was the first time that
I ever even shot my gun!
I can't go back to
normal life after that.
Plus!
You will... Call me out...
I mean. to be fair. have you
seen the women around here? Ha!
But.
That's beside the point.
I haven't done
much with my life.
But suddenly I want to.
He's right.
You may be more
now just like us. but...
Maybe together we
can make a difference.
Yeah we did make
one hell of a team. ha!
[Liam sighs]
I do that along myself in
places.
Demon hunter!!!
[Everyone laughs]
If... Then I'm in.
For everyone we lost.
What about you Hank?
You said it yourself.
There's a world out
there full of demons.
You promised to kill
every single one of them.
Come with us Hank.
My work here is done.
My daughter's been avenged.
Curse in Bell Lake
has been lifted.
I can finally...
Be at Peace.
Are we ever going to
get to see you again?
We can certainly cross
this place up your list.
But. um...
One never knows.
♪ [Soft piano keys sound while
instrumentals play] ♪
[Birds singin in the background]
Let's go to Denny's...
Papa's got a lot to process.
You don't mind if I. uhh...
[Eugene caughs]
Naah! Why not!?
I've never tried it myself.
Then I'll have a
lot to teach you.
Okay!!!
So here's what we got...
I got the Stanley
Hotel of Colorado.
Which inspired
The Shining... Yikes!
Got the... Uh...
Eastern State
Penitentiary in Philly.
Uhh...
The Mothman!...
- Ooohh!
And a crazy ghost town...
In Pennsylvania.
- Oooh my Guy!!!
- Hey!! I got a joke!... Why
did the demon get arrested?
- Why!?!?
- Possession!!
[Everyone chuckles] :]
[Intriguing Music Instrumentals]
♪ [Opera Instrumentals]
♪ [Opera Instrumentals end]